The spirit bone is indeed in his body
Sure enough, it's a bitch from a dog cage
Haha, it's so cheap and hard, that's enough
Shen Xiujie
I came to you today.
I didn't want to kill you and Shu Qiao at all
I know you want to save him
Well, you give me the spirit bone.
I'll give it to you as a corpse.
What do you think?
Flexible yes
You have a spirit bone in your body
Can provide him with reiki
At the same time, it can also improve my cultivation
Why should I believe you?
Now you have no choice but to believe me
But don't worry.
As long as you give me Linggu
I'll find a way to bring him back to life
Ok hahahaha
You lied to me.
Hahahaha
Chen Qiujie, today is your day of death